welcome everyone to this week's IPL
desync meeting it's 14th of october 2019
and as every week we meet here to
welcome everyone
yes okay but those pestering works I can
hear myself and as every week we go over
the stuff that we've done and then
discuss additional items that we might
have and I'd like to have fun no take
any volunteers or is it the same
volunteers every week I guess and hope
so um so I start with myself so yeah I
spend some time on really understanding
surveying the rust a civilization you do
realize this utilization library because
like it's so it's a suffering super
complex and I needed to do this in order
to implement this utilization for the
support staff for the so in order to be
able to visualize tags in Seymour um
there's the the issue linked in the
notes and to find out more details about
this and then finally that day
PVA got merged it's also great and I
learned a lot about rust error handling
yeah that's also I think very
importantly good and then finally there
is a new github help help her to in
order to publish our notes on github
it's also linked and if you go to this
page and click on
great PR it will be creative PR with all
the information needed for this meeting
and we will be good which is a huge
time-saver for me it was fun creating
because like new travel script on the
browsers basically after the ie6 is so
easy to do I'm so happy
alright um next on the list is Turkey so
I probably don't have a ton to report
I spent a bunch of time in the last week
at the etherium DEFCON which was super
fascinating and I'm not sure that I have
a very well distilled reports from it
yet other than they talked to quite a
few people about guilty things and about
other serialization R&D that's going on
in the etherium community they are
solving some of their own very specific
problems and very specific ways but we
did try to establish some common ground
just like here in vocabulary development
I'm hoping good stuff comes about in the
future that we'll see a post around a
few docs pr's a bunch of code gen stuff
that is maybe first mentioned a couple
weeks ago got enough clean up that it
finally landed on master so it just got
a clean workspace again thank goodness
excited about that if you check out the
master brand you can now see on
marshalling that works all the way into
code generated structures so that's cool
like wow and the rest of the time lately
has been I've had to iterate a lot on
trying to figure out what a desirable
shape is for the natively tight
accessors and builders of code generated
stuff then this just turns out to be
like a really tricky problem because
like obviously economics are tricky but
also getting this
to be of good performances like
continuing to be super super tricky as
well I learned some new things about how
the compiler optimizes memory usage
recently for example if I have like this
certain struct layout where several
things are going to be converted into
pointers sometimes the compiler will
amortize that whole thing until one move
to the heap but in doing so it might
drag more structure in it than you
actually needed keeping track of all the
moving bits here is just really heavy so
much like going into the phases of like
development I've lost track of how many
different attempts I've made at this and
what draft number I'm on but I think at
this point I've gotten one that will be
worth carrying on so we'll see how that
goes for the rest of this week it's bad
cool things so welcome Johnny to the
call and we are still on the on the
updates at the updates so next when the
list is Michael yeah yeah so I finished
up the code gen refactor in JavaScript
so that's great does almost everything
that we do in a field these schemas more
than we actually had working in the last
gen before I rewrote it and it you know
it has everything that we need for UNIX
opposed to YouTube which is what kind of
driving it with and it's way faster way
way way faster he's a new one is it
significantly nicer and faster because I
got whatever you da stuff and just
cleaner so that's gone really well now
I'm just back to you next 52 should have
like a full reader writer by the end of
the month in JavaScript for UNIX 52 at
that point I will actually take the
schema and publish it and then we can
have a long round and debate over all of
the exact pieces of the schema but I
want to make sure that there's a working
implementation before we do another
round of feedback because it's changed
significantly since the last time that
we did so implementations seem to drive
a lot of this so I want to make sure
that the implementation is complete
first
I committed to doing an NFS abstraction
on top of that that won't be the entire
ipfs API but it will be basically like
like a mutex on top of all the
serialization of reading you have to be
pretty close to the serialization and
reader in order to do really efficient
operations so I wanted to just knock
that out and so it'll be just like the
other UNIX fe2 library it'll be very
reusable outside of my PFS not valid IP
FS like its own kind of abstraction but
it will just be one single sort of mutex
that you can use on top of it to
concurrently write and read files into
into it and yeah that's about it for me
I did have a question for rod though
part of this will should probably be the
hamp stuff so it's sort of like there's
like a to-do in there right now about
that we don't necessarily have the HAMP
we need the HAMP to be done like you
know within the next month or two but it
would be nice to at least stage it so
that it's coming in when we're starting
to integrated and that BFS we don't use
that feature or have to start doing
integration before that's ready so I was
wondering sort of what you like how you
feel about the current hampt I know that
they're still Benson spectrum lately and
like when when do you feel like that's
probably going to be ready to be
finalized I think it's pretty good
there's just one that'll change with
storing keys that I'd like to make my
own my outstanding concern was really
trying to unify with the file coin hampt
but you know it's just been so hard to
get engagement with from them on that so
I feel that they might just have to be
some divergence there and I don't know
exactly what the divergence is I suspect
it's mainly just gonna be how things are
laid out on the block they've made
particulars and that might just have to
be like we could probably unify that by
having alternating schemas like you know
Eric's vision of
schema matching four blocks we can match
a particular schema that fire coin is
using and then we have we have a not
only one that's the default or something
like that and that that's really that's
really it though aside from that I think
it's ready it's and it's just these apps
any questions of what are the best
default values and we just really don't
know that's not for me up next okay I
was out most of last week and about did
to do some work on the go
IP LD schema it needs a little bit of
catch-up to get to where the JavaScript
one is on the spec stuff it is and then
there's some outstanding schema stuff in
the specs repo Eric I think I need your
engagement on in 10 ohms
that's where yeah pull request number
196 I'm getting yes or no on that the
the yeah that they representation in the
JSON representation was the outstanding
thing because of the discrepancy and
that's just for enums in general do we
go with the Union approach or do we go
with the members approach so just some
thought on that would be good and maybe
you've maybe you think you've said
enough in there but so just in
clarification we could Eric at some
point but PR is in the current the
current status for that PR is where I
left it off with the current
representation thing everything's put
into the representation rather than the
members struct
oh they were fresh look at that that's
it for me all right
so that's for the updates so me do you
have any comments questions in the
update not really I'm still working on
identity in the w3c work for the
verifiable credentials using IP LD
published the IP NS I'm trying to do
some CRD T's in the IPL d2 Indian and I
select a team recently or I guess back
in Barcelona about what on influent at
at the IP NS level but I'm just keeping
my ear to the ground listening to what's
going on with IP LT and and how to
implement it for the stuff I'm working
on for identity all right so is there
anything else anyone wants to talk about
all right I guess I then close the
meeting so goodbye everyone and see you
next week